hey guys so 300 subs I guess I should
thank you that 3000 is a lot more than I
ever thought I'd ever get especially
when I started out so thanks for
watching thanks for liking my videos
enough to subscribe so for 3000 subs I
decided to do something a little
different now a lot of people have done
it this is a mono color match and mono
colors a lot like monotype which except
that unlike monotype instead of type
color is the you know limiting factor in
team building so you have to build a
team of six pokemon that shared the same
primary color and i decided to recruit
one of my old rivals conan edogawa you
can see a lot i think i battled him two
or three times probably in some of my
earlier videos but i got able to get a
hold of him for this battle and it
turned out pretty nicely um i was using
red he was using purple so yeah it'll
should be pretty interesting so i hope
you enjoy it um sorry I've been kind of
like collecting you guys all summer
that's not my intention I've been so
busy but um it's kind of funny last time
i posted a video which was 10 days ago i
think twenty seven hundred subscribers
so the fact that 300 people subscribe to
me in a matter of 10 days without any
video is being posted but that's pretty
pretty intense stuff so here's a here's
my video I hope you enjoyed it as much
my other videos um continue to rate
comment subscribe if you want to do any
other mono color battles and post them
on YouTube leave them a video
description of this video because you
know any time I try to do it kind of
like a funny little format i try to get
other people to do it so if you want to
do a mono color video I will accept
video responses to this video for any
mono mono color battle so I would really
enjoy if he did that and here's the
video so here it is mono color the final
frontier so anyway like I said I was
using red he was using purple and I just
had to leave too swellow just because i
like swallow
and you know I you know protect and
stuff it's just really good as a lead
and I have you turn on this well Oh too
but I don't think I actually I figured
that ever used it so I predict his fake
out and go with the protect pretty
obvious stuff and I get um poison that I
side to go for a facade and see switches
into vaporeon and they porns a pretty
bulky wall but I'm guessing if he's
switching into it he's probably gonna
try to toxic stall me so I predicted to
protect and goes and I go into a lot eos
and yeah I'm just going to go for the
Draco meteor this is my specs latias and
he goes into a muck and muck is a
special wall of sorts but look how much
damage I did anyway that's just pretty
amazing but just in case I don't kill it
I'm just going to try to switch out into
salamence since most mux are physical so
I go into salamence and he's just
explodes so right there I'm like oh wow
but I wasn't saying by my saved by my
intimidate and salamence barely survived
which is not bad for me so he goes back
in ambipom and I know the fake-out kind
of obvious so I go into ripe here and
I'm like okay repair is going to do
something this battle because people
have been watching my videos know that i
have this rhyperior it's a rock polish
rhyperior and i love this thing it can
be so good but it never does anything so
i get i get the rock polish I'm faster
than a starving but his is carved so
once again rhyperior does absolutely
nothing no matter what I do no matter
how I try to use it it just never works
for me and it just us frustrating I was
gonna use the meadow horn and I start me
with a bitch in obliterated and it
would've been so perfect but as it's not
my day not right Peter's day so I go in
a lot to ask but I know he's locked in a
surf because I know it's scarf now so he
goes into vaporeon just as death fodder
it dies to do to dragon pulses so he
goes into ambipom and I really don't
want to take a fake out on latios so I
decided to switch and I go into C's or
who also resists the fake out so yeah I
go on a scissor and he faked out of
course and he predicted the pursuit so
he tries to double hit me but actually i
decided to u-turn cuz i was kind of
hoping he wanted to star me since you
know I really wanted to get rid of that
star Mason
faster than my all my team it was a
choice scarf and I just don't like that
thing so he actually stays in like I
said predicting the pursuit and I'm able
to take down the amp upon which is kind
of helpful but it's not really a huge
threat for my team so I go for the
facade against his night o king and it
won it chaos it which I could actually
kind of surprised me but um yes well it
was just that beast so his night o king
goes down and he goes in a star me and I
go for the protect to see what he'd lock
himself into and he tries for the
thunderbolt which is of course not good
because now i still have latios so i
decided to go into that and yeah he goes
for the Thunderbolt hits latios and that
sucks for him he doesn't want to switch
out because his last pokemon is also
pretty frail which is gengar so he's
just gonna let me finish off a star me
with dragon pulse as he does some minut
damage with Thunderbolt so I kill the
stormy and he sent those last pokemon
gengar and he wins the speed tying gets
the Shadow Ball off which Kos latias
which is I'm not going to lie I kind of
annoying but I going to heatran this is
my scarf heatran so I decided just to
finish it and that is the game so good
game Conan uh rate comment subscribe
guys and thanks for subscribing bye